Add NotLoggedIfNull attribute (#49)
destructurama/attributed: README.md

<sup><a href='/test/Destructurama.Attributed.Tests/Snippets.cs#L44-L47' title='Snippet source file'>snippet source</a> | <a href='#snippet-logcommand' title='Start of snippet'>anchor</a></sup>
<!-- endSnippet -->

> #### Ignoring a property if it's the default value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Ignoring a property if it has the default value
```
